# Guideline for Libraries Installation
## Content 

This file contains instructions to setup the libraries in order to compile the
code generated by the org.ietr.preesm.sobel preesm project. 
 
The project compilation requires the following libraries:

* pthread 
* SDL2
* SDL2_TTF

The libraries should be downloaded automatically by the CMake project. In case they are not, the following sections describe how to download and install them manually.

## pthread 
1. Download appropriate version of PThread following [our guide](https://preesm.github.io/tutos/intro/#pthread)
2. On windows, unzip the archive and compy its content to ```/<project-path>/lib/pthread-2.X.Y/```
3. Your directory /<project-path>/lib/pthread-2.X.Y/ should contain:
   - include/
   - lib/

## SDL2
1. Download the SDL2 Development libraries corresponding to your IDE following [our guide](https://preesm.github.io/tutos/intro/#sdl2-and-sdl2_ttf)
2. This step differs depending on the used IDE.
   * **For MinGW based IDEs (Codeblocks, Makefile, Eclipse CDT, ...)**
     1. Decompress the dowloaded file in a temporary location. 
     2. In the decompressed file, copy the content of the following directory  
        ```i686-w64-mingw32```  
        into a folder named exactly as follows:  
        ```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/```  
        where <xx> is replaced with your version number).
     3. Copy the content of  
        ```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/include/SDL2/```  
        into its parent directory  
        ```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/include/```
   * **For Visual Studio Users Only**  
     1. Decompress the dowloaded file in
	    ```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/```
	 2. Copy the content of 
	    ```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/lib/x86```  
		into its parent directory  
		```/<project-path>/lib/SDL-2.0.<xx>/lib```  

## SDL2_TTF
1. Download the SDL2 Development libraries corresponding to your IDE following [our guide](https://preesm.github.io/tutos/intro/#sdl2-and-sdl2_ttf)
2. Follow the same procedure as for the SDL2 library. The folder containing the library must be named as follows:  
   ```SDL2_ttf-2.0.<xx>```  
   where `<xx>` is replaced with your version number.
